<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_emk_fk5_ctb">
    <title>How to log your water intake in Waterlogged</title>
    <shortdesc>Here's how you log your water intake in Waterlogged.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>Log your water intake.<p/></context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Open the Waterlogged app. On the home screen, ensure that the date you are
                    logging is selected at the top. When your date is selected, tap the plus sign at
                    the center of the container.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select the type of container you're drinking from with the amount of liquid
                    you're drinking. (If your choice of container is not displayed, tap 'More
                    choices', scroll left, and tap 'add new container.' Select 'change' to add a new
                    photo of your container. Rename it and adjust the amount of liquid in the
                    container in either oz, mL, or L. Containers can also be added by going to
                    'Settings' and 'Containers.') </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Tap the arrow in the top left corner to go back to the 'More choices' screen.
                    On this same screen, you can also select the type of liquid in your
                    container.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>After imputing your information, save your selections to be automatically
                    returned to the home screen.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Repeat these steps to add more liquid intake to your log for the day. </cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
